update to lates exchangelib version in ewsv2, remove pwsh (#34630)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnPremise/ReleaseNotes/2_1_7.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS v2

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py-ews:5.3.0.93845*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py-ews:1.0.0.97376*.
```

> - Adding support in version ***Exchange 2013 SP1***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding support for version ***Exchange 2013 SP1***.
```

> - Deprecated and deleted the commands that can be used from Security And Compliance V2 instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deleted the following commands . Use **Security And Compliance V2** instead:
```
